Great, now here's the HMM I created for
the gesture, we.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
>> Hold on.
I would have used four states here.
Why did you only use three?
>> Well it was mostly to simplify
the problem for our purposes.
Note that the middle section varies
a little bit more in delta y than with
the middle state of I.
And we spend more time in
the middle state as well.
>> I see, it looks like the transition
probabilities have changed to reflect
this, right?
>> Correct,
we spend longer in that state, so
we have a higher probability
in the self loop.
Also, we have more variation in
the delta y in this gesture,
which leads to a wider, and
shorter, output distribution.
>> This seems like a good time for
a short quiz.